Print out all the nodes in a binary in order without recursion.  

Given 4 coins of values 1, 5, 10, and 20, find all the combinations of coins that can add up to K.  

Find the common ancestor in a binary tree.

Code to find the height of the binary tree.

**In-place reversal of a linked list.  

Given a list of n unsorted key-value tuples which are too large to fit in memory, return the k tuples with the greatest value where n is several orders of magnitude greater than k. This list may be dispersed across multiple machines.

Given a linked list, put all the odd elements in lexicographical order list in front of the even elements in lexicographical order in place. 

Given a list of n unsorted key-value tuples which are too large to fit in memory, return the k tuples with the greatest value where n is several orders of magnitude greater than k. This list may be dispersed across multiple machines.

In an array that has one value for more than half of its elements, how can you find that value?

The coding problem he asked me was to find the next larger element in a BST.  

Given the head of a linked list, write a program in your language of choice to return the middle node of the list.  

In an array that has one value for more than half of its elements, how can you find that value?

Find max contiguous sum in array

How would you test whether a sort function for pairs is correct?

reverse a singly linked list

Three baskets. One has apples, one has oranges, one has both. They are all labeled incorrectly. Find out which basket contains which with only 1 draw. 

How would you check if two strings are anagrams.  

give a linked list and remove a node of the given index  

Merge 2 sorted linked lists such that the final linked list is sorted  

Given two nodes in a tree, find the lowest common ancestor  

You have two intersecting linked lists. Describe a function that returns a pointer to the node where they intersect.    

Rearrange digits of a number to find the largest possible number in O(n) time.  

Given two integers, return the numbers of matched digit number. For ex, 130 and 239, return 1. 29 and 92, return 0


